Lisa it's your birthday god bless you
this day you gave me the gift of a
little sister and I'm proud of you today
listen it's your birthday happy birthday
Lisa Lisa it's your birthday happy
birthday Lisa I wish you love and
goodwill I wish you peace and joy I wish
you better than your heart's desires and
your first kiss from a boy Lisa it's
your birthday happy birthday lisa lee
science your birthday happy birthday
Lisa
Lisa it's your birthday happy birthday
lisa lisa is your birthday happy
birthday Lisa I wish you love and
goodwill I wish you peace and joy I wish
you better than your heart's desires and
your first kiss from a boy Lisa it's
your birthday happy birthday Lisa Lisa
it's your birthday happy birthday Lisa
Lisa it's your birthday
happy birthday Lisa